---
title: Projects
date: 2023-09-16
legacy_url: yes
---

Part 2, read on from [here](/2023-09-16-blog-launch-version-5).

I'm planning to update this as I remember more things, but since I started dexies two weeks ago I have had *so many ideas* for neat projects. But unlike other bursts of creativity, this burst is

1. ongoing 14 days later,
2. pauseable i.e I can walk away and think about something while doing something else and then come back to it, and
3. is some of the coolest things I've done in the last year

So the first thing I want to talk about is, self hosting music. I came to a realisation as I was listening to a Spotify radio that I *really* don't care for their music recommendations. Their algorithm recommends so much random junk to me that I end up skipping around in any given radio trying to find anything that suits my mood. So let's self host our music in 2023, surely that's easy!

My requirements for self hosted music were:

 * automatic transcoding to suit the player (easy)
 * searchable library (easy)
 * track/artist/album radio with algorithmic matching (much harder)
 * being able to share playable media with friends with a simple link (apparently impossible)

First thing I found was [Plexamp](https://www.plex.tv/plexamp/). At the time (last month), it was Plex Pass only, but now apparently it's free for the base features? Neat. Good. The base features don't include track radio though. I don't think I ever got that working at the time anyway, and you can't use it to share playable music. I can produce links to the Plexamp server that show an album view, but it just links to the album on Apple Music and Spotify, not even a 30 second preview.

So I skipped over Plexamp and searched for "best self-hosted music library". Quick tangent about Google's search results. It seems to be utterly impossible now to find anything worthwhile from the search results themselves unless you word your query *very* carefully. The first page of results is always the blogs with the best SEO, intentionally vague descriptions, teasing that they might hold the answer if only you click on them and scroll past five interstitial ads. I've actually started using [ChatGPT](https://chat.openai.com) for quick answers to important questions.

TODO screenshot of chatgpt
